No, I did not go there and look at you there, look at you.
Look at the victory.
Look, look , look. Look, look. Look at you.
look at render
Look, just think, you want to step on nobody.
So I share with you more.
all the media and had the same company
to be equal to the singer would not stop
of the lesion but when it is inferior second
part of the battery that causes stuttering
english in the sharing in brasilia
such a maricá and superpesa
today is to have settled in full work
I was disconnected and one connected brings things
Mother, nothing more beautiful than your coffin is
this hypothesis
and hey, why was not he there?
in my arms as porã b then no longer
It's that old thing.
I'm not a big sage
he is invoked is and he is and I n rogue
pealed left beating it's the Lord
ultimately did not give his version
about the episode that surprises me
I put drugs that mouth- to-mouth route is
obvious